---
date: 2020-01-15
title: Bugs
description: Bugs
categories:
  - Game
type: Document
---
*Here is a record of known game bugs and possible fix's or workarounds;*

## Full Screen / Window Mode Issues
**Description:** A player finds the game running in window mode when full screen is selected in setup.

**Fix:** under setup, select and ensure "intro" is enabled, this "should" make the game run in full screen.

## Mouse Cursor Issues
**Description:** Some players experience mouse cursor jitter/jumping/lag issues.

**Workarounds:** 

1. Install the Mouse Fix found in the downloads channel.
1. install an alternative Graphics mode like WineD3D or 3Dfx, see the [downloads](https://github.com/lnsideEarth2150/Earth2150/wiki/Downloads) channel for options

## F1 Game Crashes
**Description:** Players trying to run the game in a 16:19 aspect ratio (IE 1080p) suffer from game crashes when pressing F1 in game to access to construction menu.

**Workarounds:**
1. Run the game in a non 16:9 aspect ratio such as 4:3 or 16:10, click [here](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Computer_display_standard#XGA) for aspect ratio options.

2. install an alternative Graphics mode like WineD3D or 3Dfx, see the downloads channel for options

## General Game Crashing
**Description:** Players sometimes have random situations where the game loads or even fails to load.

**Fix:** these have often been resolved through adding the game executable to DEP (Data Execution Prevention).

*Process - Open "Computer" then right click -> Properties -> System Protection -> Advanced -> Performance -> Data Execution Prevention then "Add" the executable for the game. Not the shortcut but the .exe file.
﻿